httpjson chain call doc update (#31045)
elastic/beats: x-pack/filebeat/docs/inputs/input-httpjson.asciidoc

- `last_response.body`: A map containing the parsed JSON body from the last successful response. This is the response as it comes from the remote server.
- `last_response.page`: A number indicating the page number of the last response.
- `first_event`: A map representing the first event sent to the output (result from applying transforms to `last_response.body`).

> - `last_event`: A map representing the last event of the specific call (result from applying transforms to `last_response.body`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `last_event`: A map representing the last event of the current request in the requests chain (result from applying transforms to `last_response.body`)
```
